[Music]
wanna work at Google try to answer their
five tough interview questions the
Google company has become known not only
for its achievements but for job
interviews you won't meet anywhere else
the interview can take place in a cafe
around the corner or via Skype and the
questions will be so difficult that even
a genius will have to strive for the
answer however the strict and unusual
way of hiring new members of the Google
team allows the company to discover
unique minds which can find smart and
creative solutions for every problem
possible Brightside decided to test you
and put together the five most difficult
questions that Google has ever asked its
applicants you'll have 15 seconds to
think about each question if you need
more time you can pause the video let's
start number 5 billiard balls
there are billiard balls one of them
weighs slightly more than the others how
many weighings on the scales do you need
to define the ball without using weights
take some time to find an answer
answer you'll only need two waves divide
all the balls into three groups to three
ball groups and two balls on the third
group first weigh both three ball groups
of one of them outweighs the other take
any two balls out of it and weigh
between themselves if they're equal the
third ball is the one you need if the
first weighing showed both groups were
equal weigh the two remaining balls one
of them will be heavier simple and
useful right this question reveals your
ability to find quick and productive
solutions for different kinds of
problems number four dead man in a
desert a man was found dead in a desert
a match in his hand no traces try to
suggest why and how did he die you have
15 seconds to think about this
mysterious riddle
answer the man died after he fell out of
a plane that began to lose altitude and
a crash was inevitable there were fewer
parachutes than passengers so they drew
matches the man got the short match and
had to jump without a parachute
well definitely was on his lucky day
right this question tests how good you
are at recreating events and matching
facts if you answered correctly you have
a very rare ability to build a whole
picture out of a small detail impressive
number three four liters of water you
have unlimited access to water and two
jars five litres and three litres
measure four liters precisely here are
your 15 seconds
answer you have to fill the five liter
jar with water and use it to fill the
three-liter jar then empty the latter
one take the five litre jar and pour the
remaining two liters into the
three-liter jar then fill the five liter
jar again and pour the water 1 liter
into the three-liter jar until you fill
it thus you'll get four liters of water
in the five liter jar this is one of the
most popular puzzles to test your
ability to get exactly what you need
from the similar notions or things you
may take more or fewer steps on your way
to the finish the main thing is to get a
needed result number two bears you built
a house all the sides of which are south
working suddenly you notice the bear
what color is it
5 4 3 2 so here's the answer the bear is
white why because only at the North Pole
can all the walls face south and in the
Arctic you can find only white polar
bears this puzzle shows whether you have
any overall residual knowledge that can
help you in solving different problems
and finding the right answers you never
know what will give you a nudge good
understanding of different areas of
activity will certainly help you in your
work whatever it may be
number 1 pills a doctor gave 4 pills to
a patient 2 pills of each type that
cannot be told apart from each other the
patient should take the pills in two
stages
one pill of each type in the morning and
the same in the evening if he breaks the
dose or does not take pills the patient
will die
the pills happen to become mixed what a
bummer but now how does he get his
treatment and survive
find the right solution
answer course we should say it's better
to visit the doctor again and ask for
new pills after all it's a matter of
life or death and you shouldn't just
trust Jan's on this one but the odds may
be against the patient and these might
be the only pills in the world the
doctor might mysteriously disappear and
so on so we still need an answer have
you already found it this is how it
sounds the patient has to divide each
pill into halves and take the halves of
each pill in the morning and in the
evening again this question shows where
there you can find an answer in
seemingly difficult situations it may
seem hard at the time but the solution
is always easier than you think
well it's definitely not easy to get a
job in Google is it how many of these
questions did you get right what puzzles
did you find the most difficult do you
know any other tricky riddles share your
opinions with us in the comment section
below
hit the like button below the video and
share it with your friends don't forget
to click subscribe to join us on the
bright side